add info to plug docs about assign function (#4239)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/plug.md

  ...
```

> In the [`init/1`] callback, we pass a default locale to use if none is present in the params. We also use pattern matching to define multiple [`call/2`] function heads to validate the locale in the params, and fall back to `"en"` if there is no match. The [`assign/3`] is a part of the `Plug.Conn` module and it's how we store values in the `conn` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [`init/1`] callback, we pass a default locale to use if none is present in the params. We also use pattern matching to define multiple [`call/2`] function heads to validate the locale in the params, and fall back to `"en"` if there is no match. The [`assign/3`] is a part of the `Plug.Conn` module and it's how we store values in the `conn` data structure.
```
